Morse Micro is licensing this software to you upon the condition that you
accept all the terms of the license agreement below ("Agreement") below. By
installing this software you accept all the terms of the Agreement.

"Software" means the software in binary or source code that you have received
from Morse Micro or its authorized licensees and/or those portions of such
software produced by Programâ€™s code within the Software, as well as any other
machine readable materials (including, but not limited to, libraries, source
files, header files, and data files), any updates or error corrections
provided by Morse Micro, and any user manuals, programming guides and other
documentation provided to you by Morse Micro under this Agreement.

Morse Micro grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license
without license fees to use the software with the Morse Micro IoT Reference
Platform hardware provided to you with this software. No license to
redistribute the software is granted.

Software is copyrighted. Title to Software and all associated intellectual
property rights is retained by Morse Micro. Except as expressly provided
herein, no license or right, express or implied, is hereby conveyed or
granted to you by Morse Micro. You should not modify, decompile, or reverse
engineer Software. You acknowledge that Software is designed and intended for
general use with the Morse Micro IoT Reference Platform and no other uses,
including any dangerous use or military-related uses.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MORSE MICRO
FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL MORSE MICRO BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
REVENUE, DATA OR DATA USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF MORSE MICRO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate the Agreement
at any time by destroying all copies of Software. The license will terminate
immediately without notice from Morse Micro if you fail to comply with any of
its provisions.

You agree to comply with export control laws and other applicable export and
import laws that may govern the export of the Software from certain
jurisdictions, including technical data.

The laws of New South Wales, Australia, govern all matters arising out of or
relating to this Agreement without giving effect to any conflict of law
principles.

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, this Agreement
will remain in effect with the provision omitted, unless omission would
frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this Agreement will
immediately terminate.

Some features of the Software, if activated, may transmit a limited amount of
data to Morse Micro (or its service provider) about the status of the system
before a crash event. Morse Micro does not associate the data with personally
identifiable information.

The Software includes open source software written and distributed under
several open source licenses. For more information, please refer to
www.morsemicro.com